let's go to our correspondent hanim mmu
he's joining us live from Rafa where
three people were killed overnight in an
Israeli strike on yet another
residential building hany and that was
only one of the deadly bombings of
civilians yes Israeli air strikes
continue to pound across the Gaza Strip
causing further civilian casualties and
leaving it Trails of Destruction not
only to the targeted residential homes
but deepening the destruction at the
vicinity of every targeted house causing
further internal displacement for an
already traumatized displaced population
here in overcrowded Raa City where 1.5
million people have been enduring this
intense bombing campaign for the past
200 days three people have been reported
killed in this residential home with
several other injuries reported to the
hospital but what the pattern we've been
seeing at the hospital injuries arriving
with little medical intervention
available to save lives so the
likelihood the number is going to
increase is very high right now given
the shortage of medical supplies the
insufficient medical staff at these
Health Facilities across ra City have
been operational at the lowest capacity
possible in aat refugee camp that's
another refugee camp that has been
targeted relentlessly within the past
couple weeks and since the beginning of
the uh the intense campaign across the
Gaza STP five people reported from one
family were all Sheltering inside a
residential homes meanwhile the Israeli
military continue to uh Target more
public facilities and more residential
homes inah and also in the central part
of the Central Area alour refugee camps
and working on expanding on the road
that is constructed connecting the
eastern part with the western part and
effectively cutting off the northern
part of the G strip with the from the
central area and the southern part of
the strip separately the Israel military
continues to attack the city of Baha and
giving people as little as 5 minutes to
evacuate their residential homes to only
find themselves caught in the line of
fires of the artillery Shilling and the
air strikes Hy thank you very much for
that that is hany mmud with the latest
live in
Rafa make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer